we had a big show last night last night
at the two-year mark of the Trump
presidency we put on a halftime tribute
show to Trump and we got some pretty
positive news coverage for it the
failing New York Times put us in their
best of late and I call him Jimmy Kimmel
celebrates the midway point of Trump's
presidential term deadline Hollywood
Jimmy Kimmel celery Donald Trump an
intermission accomplished at that
Tribune we even got a shout out from Fox
News Jimmy Kimmel depicts Donald Trump's
father in hell mock's Kellyanne Conway
sex life it's another big lead day for
Donald today is the Trump's 14th wedding
anniversary Melania spent the day at
home binge watching escape from
Dannemora she's the president was
upright and early today tweeting about
the love of his life himself he wrote
meristem PR PB s poll shows president
Trump's approval rating among Latinos
going to 50% an increase in one year of
90 percent thank you working hard
nothing about Melania all day he tweeted
all good but money he did tweet about
him and this is interesting even look at
this photograph you'll see the Trump's
have apparently been shrinking since he
took office and they could now both fit
comfortably on a presidential poster
you know the traditional gift for a 14th
anniversary you know what it is it's
ivory so Trump sent his dumb sons to go
kill an elephant for Melania but happy
Anniversary to the Trump's and this is a
good lesson I think for all of us
because if Melania can take 14 years of
him we can stick it out for another two
right today by the way was the was the
32nd day of this government shutdown
almost 800,000 federal workers haven't
been paid for a month of work so we've
been giving jobs to some of those unpaid
federal employees and so far we've hired
ten of them to work here at the show
we're almost running out of jobs but
we're still coming up with them tonight
we're joined by number eleven and I
would like you to welcome her now
Jaime Rodney hi Jaime
[Applause]
what is your job tell us what your job
title is I'm a federal investigator with
the United States Department of Housing
and Urban Development does that mean you
arrest people no what do you do
specifically I investigate complaints of
discrimination in housing and lending on
the basis of race national origin color
religion familial status sex and
disability oh okay that's great so
that's a good thing who is doing that
while the government is shut down nobody
no one so people are free to
discriminate as they wish right now they
shouldn't they of course they should
because we can go after them afterwards
oh you can go back and go after them but
in the meantime there are people who are
looking for a place to live
ray and we we combat racism segregation
and homelessness so we're not able to
help those individuals out of
homelessness that was a big problem we
have here in Los Angeles
yeah what about personally how has this
affected you and your family well my
family and I we just spent every penny
we had in savings to purchase our first
home oh so now we don't have enough to
pay our mortgage or to pay for our son's
preschool or our groceries or
electricity or our phone bills or our
car bills or all of our bills so that's
that's awful awful so you have nice hair
so here's what we're thinking can I have
the hairbrush so nathan fillion is where
is our guest tonight sorry I'm a little
clumsy but Nathan Fillion has a
beautiful head of hair and if you would
be so kind as to do his hair tonight
that would be so exciting thank you so
much all right so go get Nathan okay do
a good job he's like a Canadian national
treasure I agree all right
[Applause]
[Music]
Guillermo take it easy over there will
ya
meanwhile speaking of hair remember
Bernie Sanders so I have a feeling we're
gonna start seeing a lot of Bernie again
because he spoke at an MLK Day event in
South Carolina yesterday where he had
some very pointed words for the
president today we talked about justice
and today we talked about racism and I
must tell you it gives me no pleasure to
tell you that we now have a president of
the United States who is a racist
[Applause]
that's the almost def Comedy Jam he
performs at every
Rudy Giuliani has been busy lately he's
been he's been walking his comments
about the Russia investigation back and
forth so he gives he gave a doozy of an
interview to The New Yorker he weighed
in on that report from BuzzFeed the
report says Trump directed his former
attorney Michael Cohen to lie to
Congress and this is the article it said
Giuliani says I can tell you from the
moment I read the story I knew this
story was false
New Yorker says because because I've
been through all the tapes I've been
through all the texts I've been through
all the emails and I knew none existed
and then basically when the special
counsel said that just in case there
were any others I might not know about
they probably went through others and
found the same thing New York said wait
what tapes have you gone through Rudy I
shouldn't have said tapes are we sure
Rudy Giuliani is really a lawyer because
there seems to be no evidence of that I
want to see that diploma one funny
little fact the interview was done as
Rudy was about to jump in the shower so
as naughty as that sounds
imagine him saying those things nude are
you doing it meanwhile there's another
Trump tell-all book on the way that has
some fun stuff about his former chief of
staff John Kelly turns out John Kelly
may have been even more miserable than
we thought he was the book is called
team of vipers it was written by a
former White House staffer guy who
worked in the Communications Office and
according to him John Kelly said working
for Trump was the worst job he ever had
if he got fired would be the best day
I've had since I walked into this place
and for a guy who spent like ten
straight Christmases in Baghdad that's
saying something I have to say I do find
it hard to believe Kelly didn't enjoy
his time as chief of staff because he
always looked so happy to be there fact
we looked this up today we family
happened upon this there are photos of
John Kelly we had and we put them side
by side with what you get if you do a
search for stock photos using the
keyword impotence so let's take a look
here and there's John Kelly and there's
the impotence photo John Kelly
that's John Kelly evidence John Kelly in
evidence
John Kelly Hannity one more John Kelly
in him
John Kelly had no idea this whole thing
was nothing more than an audition for a
cialis commercial you know house is a
memoir coming out Chris Christie the
former governor of New Jersey has a book
due out a week from today it's called
let me finish this interesting story
about the title was publisher asked
what's the book going to be called while
he was eating a sandwich and the rest is
history
she's Jamie uh back there with Nathan
yet let's check in with them if we can
hey Nathan how is Jamie doing so far so
good
these brush smells like floor but
everything else we should have had that
sterilized I'm very sorry well Jamie
keep going it looks real good but you
know actually it looks probably perfect
just like really on fleek I think she
missed her calling today maybe we will
see you and your beautiful hair very
soon hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet
I made it myself hit subscribe if you
liked it